Building presentation doc for UKRI demo (#149)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: conferences/presentations/UKRI_cloud_2019-02-12/UKRI_cloud_demo_2019-02-12.md

* It describes the evolution of the spin of a neutron star (middle panel) and the mass of its accretion disc (top panel) as it was being fed by fallback accretion
* The bottom panel is the property we were interested in which is when a derived parameter would cross a specific threshold (the dashed line)

**What my research was about isn't necessarily important.
What is important is whether other scientists in my field could verify my work.**

<html><img src="fig2_creation.gif" alt="fig2_creation"></html>

This is a GIF of my PhD laptop producing the figure which turned out to **not** be reproducible for a number of reasons:
* Was not version controlled
* Computing environment(s) was not documented
* Computing environment no longer exists - the laptop has been returned and wiped :scream:

## Binder to the Rescue!

With a little bit of work, I've managed to reproduce my figure using Binder (https://mybinder.org).

* My code is in a public GitHub repo - now version controlled :ballot_box_with_check:
* The computing environment has been documented in an `environment.yml` file :ballot_box_with_check: _(other config file types are available)_

> My PhD repo: https://bit.ly/2DacNJQ

Reviewer: Why does this link go to a particular commit? Is it to make sure it always works?

I think its easy to link to the repo itself (see suggestion) but what's much longer and uglier is the link to the binder - can you add those as bit.ly links but describe what they are? You can also customise the bit.ly link so they don't just have random letters which would look tidier if you have time.

```suggestion
My PhD repo: https://github.com/sgibson91/magprop, binder: https://bit.ly/2DacNJQ
```

Author: This link goes to a particular commit to avoid my postBuild script which will make the binder load more slowly.

Author: Added my own version of this suggestion

Link to back-up GIF: https://bit.ly/2GjmCt9

## What is Binder doing?

<html><img src="binder_demo.jpg" alt="mybinder" height="420" width="540"></html>

Courtesy of [Juliette Belin](https://twitter.com/JulietteTaka/status/1082735653929000960)

> Read the docs on making your own repo Binder-ready here: https://bit.ly/2t7M9wx

Reviewer: I don't think this needs a bit.ly, the URL isn't that long:

```suggestion
Read the docs on making your own repo Binder-ready at https://mybinder.readthedocs.io
```

## Limitations with the public Binder instance

* Only works for **public** repos, cannot host private code or sensitive data
* Large datasets are discouraged
* Computing resources are minimal

## Solution: BinderHub 4 U

<html><img src="binder_demo2.png" alt="yourbinder" height="420" width="580"></html>

* The host institution/organisation/RSE group can **choose** whether to make repos public or private
* This is on-going project at the Turing Institute

**Some useful links:**
* [Zero-to-JupyterHub](https://zero-to-jupyterhub.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
* [Zero-to-JupyterHub with Kubernetes](https://zero-to-jupyterhub.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html)
* [Step Zero: Kubernetes on Microsoft Azure](https://zero-to-jupyterhub.readthedocs.io/en/latest/microsoft/step-zero-azure.html)
* [repo2docker](https://repo2docker.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

## Why tracking Dependencies is Important (demo)

Version updates to software packages could cause fundamental changes to your code that do not raise a fatal error, and so will pass without you realising.

> Here's a little demo repo to highlight this: https://bit.ly/2DfpZNo

Reviewer: This repo needs to be merged into https://github.com/binder-examples

Reviewer: (and can then have a line similar to your PhD line above:

```suggestion
Here's a little demo repo to highlight this: https://github.com/binder-examples/different-versions-matplotlib, binder: bit.ly....
```

Author: Added my own version of this suggestion. I asked the question in the binder gitter about how I submit this to binder-examples as I don't know how to make a PR to an organisation. I doubt it'll be done by tomorrow though.
